Welcome back.
It's time to apply what we just learned and do an exercise and build our own project.
Now what is this project.
This project is going to be a JPEG to PSG converter.
You remember our pocket X right.
Our pocket X are all these cute little pokey months but they're all in j peg format now JPEG image file
format.
You can read up on it but I prefer PMG.
There are some benefits that PMG files have especially for these type of images.
So for example if you're a web developer these types of images with not a lot of color or just a few
colors you can see over here blue brown white.
They're actually better when you develop Web sites to use PMG.
Again that's beyond the scope of the course you can read up on this on your own.
But a J pack too P G converter is really really useful.
So how can we build it based on what we've learned.
I'm going to get you started and the rest I'm going to try and see if we can figure out on your own.
So what I'm going to do first is create a new file in here and I'm going to use the command line.
I can use touch here because I'm using a Mac if you're using Windows.
This command is different and that's something that we've already talked about before.
You can also just manually on your computer just say new file so you can just right click and say a
new file whatever you want.
Well I already did this so instead of doing touch I'll just create a new file and what we'll call it
is I'm going to call it j peg to PMG converter.
There we go.
Now what do we want this to do.
Well we want a python script that I can run that works like this.
I want to be able to say Python 3 and then say JPEG to PMG converted it up by and then give it to arguments.
The first argument is I wanted to give the folder name so I'm going to say Poke it X and we're going
to add a slash here to show that this is a folder.
So I want you to open the pocket X folder and then the second parameter is the new folder that I want
to create.
So let's just call it new.
So this new folder doesn't exist but I want to be able to create it and by the way if you're on a Windows
this slash will be the other one it'll be the backslash like this but essentially what I want to do
is run this command.
It's going to look through all the images here and convert them into a JPEG and put them in a new folder
called New so let's build that script and I'm going to get you started with a little hint.
What we need to do is we need to be able to grab these arguments and also grab all these files and from
the previous sections we should know how to do that.
What I'm going to do is import the CIS module and import the OS module and of course from the pillow
library I'm going to import pill from image it's import here.
There you go.
Now the first step is to actually using the CIS module grab the first and second argument.
So remember that's the pocket X and the new folder.
So that's the first thing we want to do.
The second thing is to well based on whether this exists or not to check if new exists or this folder
exists and if not create it right.
So if this doesn't exist we have to create the folder so we can put the images in.
And then finally while we want to do here and this is the tough part we want to loop through this entire
folder so loop through pocket X and then we want to convert images to G.
And then finally we want to save them to the new folder.
This is a tough one.
It combines a lot of the things that we've learned up until now.
You might not get it right away because it is a little tricky so don't worry.
In the next video I'm going to show you how to solve this problem.
But why you might want to learn is how to google.
First of all how do you sis to grab the first and second argument.
How to use the OS module to grab the path so that you can say hey I want these files in pocket X and
I want to write to this new file.
So we're gonna use the OS module for that and then obviously we're gonna use the pillow module to convert
the images to PMG something that we've seen before this exercise is going to require a bit of googling
on your case which is a good skill to develop.
So in the next video I'm going to show you how to do this.
I'll see you on that one.
Good luck.